Panji Maulana (#2)
Flex-Burgundy-Fox/fancy-todo-server: API.md

**Add Todo**
----

>   `Add todo data to database can be via json or bodyparser.`

Reviewer: Mungkin form ya
```suggestion
  `Add todo data to database can be via json or x-www-form-urlencoded.`
```

* **URL**

  `/todos`

* **Method:**
  
  `POST`
  
*  **URL Params**

    `None`

* **Data Params**

  ```json
    {
      "title": "Minum obat",
      "description": "Minum obat batuk biar cepat sembuh",
      "status": "belum dikerjakan",
      "due_date": "2021-07-21"
    }
  ```

* **Success Response:**

  * **Code:** 201 CREATED <br />
    **Content:** 
    ```json
    {
      "todo": {
          "id": 17,
          "title": "Minum obat",
          "description": "Minum obat batuk biar cepat sembuh",
          "status": "belum dikerjakan",
          "due_date": "2021-07-21T00:00:00.000Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-07-21T08:39:50.820Z",
          "createdAt": "2021-07-21T08:39:50.820Z"
      }
    }
    ```
 
* **Error Response:**

  * **Code:** 400 BAD REQUEST <br />
    **Content:**
    ```json
    { "message": "Only allow today's date or the date after this" }
    ```

  OR

  * **Code:** 500 INTERNAL SERVER ERROR <br />
    **Content:** 
    ```json
    { "message": "SequelizeConnectionError" }
    ```

> **Show Todos**

Reviewer: mungkin bisa ditambahkan info apakah perlu auth `access_token` atau tidak
